The goal of planette is to help people plan their day to day lives(from functional non fun to leisure).
Users would have planette plan for them as intrusively as they want it to.
It means that planette could be granted the power of scheduling missions to people
manually/semi-automatically/automatically
Planette uses whatis as the source for universal facts and then adds a good planners' wisdom
which most people don't have.

Objective Constraints:
Constraints that are hard/impossible to break/bypass(more than now and than if at all).
Could originate in you environment (working hours, spouse's working hours,
kid pick-up hours, grocery store opening hours etc.)

In planette, everything is a plan but we distinguish _ sorts of plans:
1. Long/Middle/Short-term goals:
    Deterministic - one time:
    "I would like to learn Aikido next year"
    "I would like my kid's birthday to be memorable this year"
    "I would like to a find a job close to home"
    "I would like to score a career achievement within the next six months"
    "I would like to get in shape for my ski vacation in 6 weeks"
    Periodic - scheduled:
    "I would like my family to go hiking every 2 weeks"
    "I would like my family to sleep out during the summer/spring once/twice a year"
    "I would like to go jogging 3 times a week"
    "I would like to meet with the guys for a beer once in a while"
    "I would like to go visit my grandma with my family once a month"
2. Assignments:
    "Need to fix the car's central lock"
    "Need to buy new running shoes"
    "Need to buy kids books in french"
    "Need to dismantle the car phone base"
    "Need to find 5 candidate air bnb flats in Berlin this week"
    "Need to decide on a good flat for Berlin and close the deal"
    "Need to get the mail every week."
    "Need to check my car's mileage every 3 months"
3. Planned Activities:
    "I want to go to the beach this Saturday"
    "I want to go to a restaurant/movie/theater/concert with my spouse this week"
    "I want to take my son to a puppet show this weekend"
    "I want to go fishing with my dad on Saturday 2 weeks from now"


Assignments:
1. May be impacted by objective constraints(originating in both our
   personal environment as well as the assignment's nature).
2. Assignments can be periodic.
3. Usually one/two step plan.

Planned Activities:
1. Many time leisure activities.
2. Multi steps, Usually more than two steps.
3. May be impacted by objective constraints.
4. Usually spontaneous(day/s notice).

Long/Middle/Short-term goals:
Common:
1. Multi steps, Usually more than three steps.
2. May be impacted by objective constraints.
3. May include milestones.
